Unfinished but contains my writing progress for the site so far

Graduation Writing Assignment
By Me, For Me
Introduction
Who Am I?
For those of you who don’t know me, my name is Andrew Scott Deal. I am a senior at Leading Edge Academy GEC, and soon to be no longer. I am also a student at the East Valley Institute of Technology, where I study in the Software and App Design program. In my 6 years at Leading Edge (7th-12th) and 2 years at EVIT (11th-12th), I have grown significantly academically and personally, and I would like to share some of the knowledge I have gained, as well as some of my favorite stories from my time in school, with anyone who cares to take the time to hear (or read, in this case). This entire writing will probably be longer than any of you care to read through, so I encourage you to skip through and find the parts that you are interested in. For those of you that I haven’t scared away yet, read on. I hope you enjoy listening to some anecdotes about life from the perspective of this graduating senior.
But Who Am I Really?
SECTIONS PEOPLE SECTIONS
Leading Edge Academy
Beginnings
Though my education at Leading Edge began in seventh grade, the story of how I ended up here starts a lot earlier. To spare your time, I’ll summarize it briefly: I had grown to hate school. Not academics, I was actually quite fond of learning, but rather the learning environment itself. I grew up attending private schools, which unfortunately in my case, cultivated a large quantity of bullies. By the time I had reached fifth and sixth grade, I was seeking a better alternative - a solution to a problem that was starting to take a toll on my physical and mental health. My family was incredibly supportive of me during this time, and we ended up finding a school through a friend’s recommendation. Little did I know that this was where I would spend the next 6 years of my life.

One day in sixth grade, I spent a day shadowing at Leading Edge Academy. I was assigned a buddy who would stay with me throughout the 4 or so hours I was there and show me around the school. I’m electing to keep him nameless for the purposes of this story, which you will understand soon. The bell rang in first period and we sat in class for no more than 5 minutes when an announcement over the intercom signaled an assembly. By the time I had made it to the gym, my shadow buddy was gone, and I would not see him ever again. Sensing that I was lost, another boy came up to me and introduced himself as Owen Douthart. This random act of kindness changed the course of that day and, most likely, the rest of my life. Owen introduced me to his friends Hans, Harry, and “Tree” (who I later learned was named Scotty). I left the school a few hours later and exclaimed to my mom upon pickup, “I didn’t know school could be fun!”
The Rest is History
The following August, I began my seventh grade year at Leading Edge. I’ve been at Leading Edge ever since. I have made incredible friends and studied under the tutelage of wonderful, caring teachers. This was such a foreign experience to me as it was totally different to the school life I had been through prior to this. If you’re reading this right now, chances are you attend Leading Edge as a student or staff. To all the teachers I’ve had the pleasure of knowing, I want to say thank you for making my high school years great. To all current (and possibly future) Leading Edge Academy students, I want to remind you not to take for granted the incredible school community we have. It isn’t always perfect, but I wouldn’t give up Leading Edge for any other school.
My Favorite Classes
More than anything, I hope that if I ever discover this in the future, this list of classes will bring back a rush of memories. However, I also hope this can serve as a sort of guide for any student still attending who wants to see the best our school has to offer. My favorite subject is English, and my years with Mr. Rosepapa and Ms. Ivy were a treat. They selected a variety of interesting works of literature throughout the history of the world to discover and offered freedom to make my own selection and explore my own interests. Japanese with Mrs. Pond, Psychology with Mr. Geesey, and Robotics with Mrs. Smith were some of my favorite electives that left a lasting impact on my worldview and interests. Finally, I’d like to encourage all aspiring students at Leading Edge to look into joining the National Honor Society. The day before writing this, I served as a spokesperson for our society at the school elective fair, and I felt that I couldn’t emphasize enough how important I feel this group is to our school.

I would like to say to any student or teacher reading this that this is not my comprehensive list of all the classes I liked, or loved, at Leading Edge. Every class, whether I realized it at the moment or not, has provided me with a lesson I’ve been able to use in life in some form or another. A final message from me to all my teachers before I move on from this topic: thank you for what you do.
Influential People
In this paragraph, talk about Owen, Joseph, and Avi
My Favorite Stories
Of course, I can’t talk about Leading Edge without getting into the good stuff. The stories about me and my friends that only a few people were there to know - until now. Postscript: I realized while writing a lot of these stories that it may raise some concern to certain readers. Don’t worry, no one (or thing) was damaged or seriously injured in the making of these stories.
Victory Lap
I can’t go over these stories without starting with the most infamous among my friends. In seventh grade, Joseph and I had completed a difficult challenge in Robotics, and I was ecstatic. In my moment of celebration, I decided I would take a “victory lap” around the classroom while, of course, yelling the iconic phrase. The problem: I was still wearing my backpack. The other problem: there were hundreds of dollars of Lego robotics kits on tables around the classroom. The incident ended with me and my partner stuck sorting and inventorying the kit I had spilled all over the floor for the next week and an indefinite ban on wearing backpacks in that class.
Other Science Room Mishaps
A staggering percentage of my most embarrassing stories (read: fails) take place in the science room where my previous tale was set. For brevity’s sake, I will go through the rest of my science room stories in a “rapid-fire” style in this section to avoid bloating. Because we wouldn’t want this to be too long…

In Robotics, there was a day where I sat and accidentally placed my leg on a wooden cube, leading me to start bleeding all over the floor (again, no serious injury occurred in the making of these stories). It’s hard to explain if you weren’t there, but it was funny in the moment, especially when the teacher exclaimed, “He spontaneously combusted!” At the end of Robotics one semester, we found a blue skittle in our bin. This was an inside joke among my friends and had been sitting there for months. My friend Connor and I split it in half and ate it before signing evidence of the event in each other’s yearbooks. In ninth grade Biology, we were mixing bananas with protein powder and oats in plastic bags when I squeezed too hard and exploded my healthy snack all over the floor of the classroom. Our new teacher, Mr. Geesey, who I had barely met at this point, kindly helped me clean it up. One final story comes to mind, but not about me for once. In Robotics, again, Joseph and I were listening to a song titled “Lake Shore Drive” and he was telling me how fond he was of it. Unfortunately, he didn’t realize the abbreviation he was using to affectionately refer to it, LSD, would cause some concern when he decided to share his fondness with the teacher. 

Every time I look at that room, I think back to all those great times. I made some of my best friendships there. And crushed one of my biggest “rivals” at the time in a Battlebots competition. Some incredible memories were made there and it is going to be hard to leave it.
Spanish Project
A more recent memory of mine comes from tenth grade - a Spanish project where we had to record a video of a mock fast food restaurant interaction. I was in the school esports club at the time, along with my group and members of another. Since we were all together, we decided to go to Ms. Ivy’s room to film our videos. The following hour of recording video footage is some of the most unhinged fun I’ve had at the school. This is a story that is very hard to explain if you weren’t there, but for the few of you reading this who were, you know what I mean. I still have behind the scenes footage from that day saved to my phone and I cherish it as one of the best memories I made at the school.
EVIT
My Experience
At GEC, juniors and seniors are offered the option to take classes at Chandler Gilbert Community College (CGCC) or East Valley Institute of Technology (EVIT) to earn a variety of college credits or industry certifications while still in high school. I chose to attend EVIT to study Software and App Design, which has allowed me to earn 6+ certifications and 9 college credits. I have made some great friendships and gained a variety of important skills. I have been able to explore an interest I’ve always had and learn enough to have fun with it in my spare time. 
Would I Recommend It?
As a Leading Edge student, I think that every junior or senior should take advantage of the opportunity to dual-enroll. My biggest takeaway from EVIT is that if they have any class there that aligns with your interests, please choose to go that route. It has been invaluable for exploring my interest in programming and discovering which parts of the field I like and which I dislike. If none of the options interest you or you haven’t decided what you want to do in the future, then I recommend CGCC as a more generally useful way to improve your college experience.

Now, if you are thinking about EVIT, I want to give some pro tips from someone who spent two years attending from Leading Edge. First of all, if you have the option to take a program at the Power campus rather than Main, please take that opportunity. It is a much easier commute from Leading Edge and you won’t be gambling on traffic every day to see if you’ll make it on time or be stuck in the back of a crowded van. Before you decide on attending EVIT, you should be aware of the zero hour period. You need to be at Leading Edge a certain amount of hours a day for attendance/funding reasons, so for EVIT students, an extra period is added which requires you to arrive at the school an hour in advance. If you are not a morning person, this is definitely something to keep in mind. While zero hour was overall a negative experience for me, it did allow me to spend more time with my friends and finishing homework at school. 
The End
What’s Next for Me?
This Fall, I will be starting my freshman year at Barrett, The Honors College at Arizona State University, studying computer science with a concentration in software engineering. I plan to attend ASU for four years and then get a Master’s at a more prestigious university. I’m not entirely sure what field of programming I will end up in yet but I am looking forward to the ride. 

I plan to continue developing my book inventory and social media website, ProLog Books, so if you are interested in comic books, or reading in general, check out the project’s Instagram page. I also wish to continue serving my community, similarly to how I’ve been able to as an NHS member or volunteer at my church’s Kaboom childrens’ program. I want to make a positive impact on the world around me and continue seizing opportunities to do so. At Leading Edge, each student is required to complete 20 hours of community service each semester, but I want to encourage all of you students reading this to not stop when you graduate. Keep up the good habit and continue to make a difference.
Reflecting on my Reflection
As I reach the end of this reflection on the past few years of my life, I can’t help but feel sentimental. At the time of writing this, I will be graduating high school and turning 18 in almost exactly one month, and it feels like the biggest turn of chapter in my life so far. I am going to miss all the amazing people I have met in my high school life as we all go our separate ways and begin our own stories, but I’m also excited to see what new surprises are ahead of me. Regarding this reflective writing exercise I challenged myself to complete: I am happy I did it. I’m not the kind of person who keeps a journal, so this is a bit foreign to me, but I hope I was able to communicate my thoughts and feelings in a way that was at least a bit interesting. I would hope that if you made it this far, it was at least a bit enjoyable to you. I feel that the best way to end this is with a call to action, so I encourage anyone who is about to go through a big change in their life to sit down and take some time to reflect as well. It might bring back memories you thought you had lost or provide clarity for your future. I think you will find the experience more rewarding than you would imagine.
Epilogue
Looks like our time together has finally come to a close. If you managed to make it this far without skipping anything, I applaud you (with a subtle undertone of concern). Honestly though, if you did, for whatever reason, read through this incredibly long stream of words, I would like to say thank you. Maybe you understand me a bit more now than you did before. Maybe you’re still just questioning why I took the time to write all of this. I hope that hearing my thoughts can give you a new perspective of me as someone who truly did care about his school and community and wanted to share how much. I want to leave you with one final message, a quote that sticks out as being very meaningful to me.

“Even a tiny spark can light the way, kid. Be the spark.”
Kilowog
